[Music]
some words they can't be spoken only so
so here a thousand voices shout to learn
there's a place in this find your feet
stand your ground don't you see right
now the world is listening to sing it
louder sing it clear and are we everyone
will hear make some noise find your
voice - nah
sing it stronger sing together make this
moment last forever
old and young shouting love tonight to
sing we've had
I've time to wait
[Music]
and see
but it wasn't always easy
[Music]
stand your ground
catch your face don't you see mine is
listening to me sing
oh boy
[Music]
[Applause]
here a thousand voices shouting love
[Music]
good night god bless ya
this was created as part of the beam 19
and we hope you like the videos and we
also hope that you click the link below
and make a donation because right now
our charities up and down the UK and
providing urgent and essential help to
those most in need
so hopefully you put your hand in your
pocket and give what you can thank you